NXDOC-2794: Release and upgrade notes for 2023.29 (#2415)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/nxdoc/nuxeo-server/nuxeo-server-release-notes/nuxeo-server-release-notes-2023-29.md

---
title: LTS 2023.29 / LTS 2023-HF29
description: Discover what's new in LTS 2023.29 / LTS 2023-HF29
review:
   comment: ''
   date: '2025-04-16'
   status: ok
labels:
    - release-notes
toc: true
tree_item_index: 0
hidden: true
---

{{! multiexcerpt name='nuxeo-server-updates-2023-29'}}
# What's New in LTS 2023.29 / LTS 2023-HF29

## Add Support of JSON File for the Preview

JSON file preview is now supported.

## Cleanup  Yum Cache in Docker Images

The YUM cache is now empty in the Nuxeo Docker image.

## OAuth2 Tokens Need to Be GC to Avoid Contention During Auth

> Expired OAuth2 tokens are now garbage collected

Reviewer: Suggestion: "Garbage collection task now clears expired OAuth2 tokens"

> Expired OAuth2 tokens are now garbage collected

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Garbage collection task now removes expired OAuth2 tokens.
```

> Expired OAuth2 tokens are garbage collected weekly (every Sunday at 2 am) by default. The frequency of this garbage collection execution is defined by a cron expression with the  Nuxeo configuration property:

Reviewer: Suggestion: "The garbage collection task executes weekly (every Sunday at 2 am) by default, which collects Expired OAuth2 tokens."

> Expired OAuth2 tokens are garbage collected weekly (every Sunday at 2 am) by default. The frequency of this garbage collection execution is defined by a cron expression with the  Nuxeo configuration property:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The garbage collection task executes weekly (every Sunday at 2 am) by default, which removes expired OAuth2 tokens. The frequency of this garbage collection execution is defined by a cron expression with the  Nuxeo configuration property:
```

- `nuxeo.oauth2.garbageCollectExpiredTokens.cronExpression` (default `0 0 2 ? * SUN`)

This garbage collection can be disabled with the Nuxeo configuration property:

- `nuxeo.oauth2.garbageCollectExpiredTokens.enabled`(default `true`)

This garbage collection process uses the Bulk Action Framework, and the following Nuxeo configuration properties are available:

- `nuxeo.bulk.action.garbageCollectExpiredOAuth2Tokens.defaultConcurrency`(default `2`)
- `nuxeo.bulk.action.garbageCollectExpiredOAuth2Tokens.defaultPartitions`(default `4`)

> Expired OAuth2 tokens garbage collection can also be executed on demand through the Management Rest API (see [Rest API documentation](https://doc.nuxeo.com/rest-api/1/oauth2-endpoint/)):

Reviewer: Suggestion: "Garbage collection of Expired OAuth2 tokens can also be executed on demand through the Management Rest API (see [Rest API documentation](https://doc.nuxeo.com/rest-api/1/oauth2-endpoint/)):"

> Expired OAuth2 tokens garbage collection can also be executed on demand through the Management Rest API (see [Rest API documentation](https://doc.nuxeo.com/rest-api/1/oauth2-endpoint/)):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Garbage collection of Expired OAuth2 tokens can also be executed on demand through the Management Rest API (see [Rest API documentation](https://doc.nuxeo.com/rest-api/1/oauth2-endpoint/)):
```

```
curl -X DELETE -u Administrator:Administrator http://localhost:8080/nuxeo/api/v1/management/oauth2/expired
```

## Fix Content Disposition for Preview URL With Direct Download

> All preview urls are now disposed inline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All preview urls are now disposed inline.
```
